feat(versioning/ubuntu): Support for Ubuntu codenames (#14601)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/docker.md

Renovate has some Docker-specific intelligence when it comes to versions.
For example:

### Ubuntu codenames

> Renovate understands [Ubuntu release codename](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases) tags and will offer upgrading them to the latest LTS release available (e.g. from `ubuntu:xenial` to `ubuntu:focal`) as long as it is inline with the following naming scheme:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate understands [Ubuntu release codename](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases) tags and will offer upgrading them to the latest LTS release available (e.g. from `ubuntu:xenial` to `ubuntu:focal`).
For this to work you must follow this naming scheme:
```

Split up the sentence into smaller parts, and rewrite the platform for the list.

> - First term of the full codename is used (e.g. `bionic` for `Bionic Beaver` release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first term of the full codename is used (e.g. `bionic` for `Bionic Beaver` release)
```

> - Codename is all lowercase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The codename is in lowercase
```

> ####Example:<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, Renovate will offer to upgrade the following `Dockerfile` layer:
```

We can drop the `h4` and rewrite the sentence instead. 😉

> Renovate will offer to upgrade the following `Dockerfile` layer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Renovate has some Docker-specific intelligence when it comes to versions.
For example:

### Ubuntu codenames

> Renovate understands [Ubuntu release codename](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases) tags and will offer upgrading them to the latest LTS release available (e.g. from `ubuntu:xenial` to `ubuntu:focal`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Renovate understands [Ubuntu release code names](https://wiki.ubuntu.com/Releases) and will offer upgrades to the latest LTS release (e.g. from `ubuntu:xenial` to `ubuntu:focal`).
```

- We can drop "tags" and just use "code names".
- Replace `upgrading them` with `upgrades`.
- People won't expect Renovate to update things that "are not available". So we can drop the "available" part. 😉
